Deprecate UnwrapSNS (#39097)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v6.13.0/Framework/Algorithms/Deprecated/39097.rst

- :ref:`UnwrapSNS <algm-UnwrapSNS>` has been deprecated. There is no replacement.

> - Property ``Unwrap Ref`` has been deprecated for algorithms that previously

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Property ``UnwrapRef`` has been deprecated for algorithms that previously
```
